The
first
time
I
was
a
good
person
.
I'm a
good person.
I'm a good person.
Hello, this is a great weather.
Anything is good?
Cable, please
stopsp it.
Didn't you?
Don't forget
Now, I will tell you. Remember this.
Hello, it is a fine day.
Here, here. You don't need a sword.
Then, let's change it to a shouji.
What are you talking about?
You don't need a sword or a shouji.
If you leave it open, you will be careless.
Don't say such a stupid thing.
Hello, it is a fine day.
Here, here. You don't need a sword.
What are you talking about?
I am sorry to say that.
No, no. I am sorry.
I don't want to say that.
It would be a waste if you call your husband as Sahei.
You are saying such a cute thing.
No, no. I will forgive you today.
Sahei, you are saying that.
I am not saying that.
Let's go over there.
I don't think so.
I don't have a house to use a sword.
I don't use a sword.
I have a sword.
If I use a candle, I will be useless.
I will be useless.
Oh, it is a sword.
You did a good thing.
I forgot the name again.
If you ask me again, I will blow your head off.
I didn't write this, but I can't read it.
I will ask someone to read it.
Excuse me, but can you read this?
Can you read it?
I will do it.
I see.
The top is flat and the bottom is a forest.
This is a forest.
Thank you very much.
I will read it again.
I will ask you again.
Where is the place called Tai-rabayashi?
I don't know where it is.
I will write this letter.
Can you read it?
I can't read it.
The top is flat and the bottom is a forest.
This is a forest.